Floof Station Server Rules

WARNING: You must be at least 18 years of age to play on Floof Station. 
Any users suspected of being under the age of 18 WILL be removed.

Intentionally disconnecting, responding with hostility, or refusing to respond when an admin privately 
messages you in-game will be met with an appeal-only ban. Additionally, abusing the AHelp relay by 
flooding it with garbage, checking for admins before stating a problem (ex: "hello?", "any admins?"),
using it as a chatroom, or sending messages of no substance will result in your removal. 
All AHelp messages are relayed to the Floof Station Discord.

The usage of any third-party applications/scripts/client modifications or any other applicable software 
to gain an advantage, avoid intended game/server mechanics, or to harm server infrastructure is strictly
prohibited, as is the abuse of glitches, exploits and bugs. Any and all instances of this will be met 
with an appeal-only ban.
Please use the #bug-reports channel on the Discord to report any issues you find in-game.

Attempting to evade bans is strictly forbidden, and will result in the ban being automatically 
converted to appeal-only.
Multi-keying (the simultaneous use of multiple accounts at one time) is also forbidden,
and will be met with a ban of all the accounts involved.

If you have any questions about these rules, please use the admin help menu by hitting F1 in-game
or clicking the "AHelp" button in the lobby.

Community Rules
1. All of these rules apply as they are intended. Every example of a rule break cannot be defined as
written, therefore, enforcement of the rules is subject to staff interpretation of the rule's intention.
Any extended discussion regarding interpretation of the rules should be avoided in the AHelp menu
and can be instead pursued within the Floof Station Discord in the #help channel.

2. Floof Station is an English-based community; use English as your primary method of
communication within the game.

3. Erotic Roleplay (ERP), erotic content, and 18+ sexual content are allowed, so long all parties
involved consent to it. For more information about this, consult the ERP guidelines and rules in
the Game Server Rules section at point 8.

4. Be civil:

A. Do not spam or advertise on our server.

B. Do not flame and do not be toxic.

C. Be respectful towards other members, avoid making others uncomfortable, and most important

of all, do not be an asshole.

D. We have a zero tolerance policy for racism, sexism, homophobia, violence, threats, hate speech,
slurs, and other forms of bigotry, discrimination, and harassment. Slurs and terms that use real or
implied mental or physical disability to mock or denigrate members or their in-game characters are
also strictly prohibited. Failure to comply with this rule will result in community removal.

Game Server Rules

1. Follow the server expectations:

A. If you are banned from a role or department, you may not play that role. This includes seeking or
accepting promotions into roles you are banned from.

B. Do not make yourself a major problem/annoyance/disruption for the crew while not being an
antagonist (i.e. self-antagging). Intentionally hindering the station as a crew-aligned character is
strictly against our rules. And so is making other players’ lives hell for your own amusement, so, do
not be an asshole, and let everybody else enjoy the game too.

C. Department strikes (e.g. cargonia and any variation thereof), riots, cults, and any other type of
similar largely disruptive behavior are to be roleplayed excellently and require explicit
administrator pre-approval.

D. Clowns, Mimes, and other "prankster" roles do not get an exemption from the above, and should
not use their job as an excuse to be a major disturbance.
E. AFK (a.k.a. SSD) and catatonic players are considered to have the same rights as any other
crewmate.

F. If a player is dead and catatonic (not SSD), they are not required to be revived and should be
stored in the morgue. You should not biomass grind dead and catatonic crew unless in an
emergency.

G. If a player is alive and catatonic, they may be brought to their relevant department or cryostorage
as necessary.

H. For the sake of privacy and respect towards the other members of the community, by reason 
of the nature of the server, and by motive of potential metagaming, livestreaming rounds is strictly forbidden.

I. It is strictly forbidden to record players engaged in private activities without their consent, 
and even more so to share it without their consent.

J. Ghosting or playing with the intent of, and the act itself of "exposing" or shaming players by sharing content 
or information of their presence or activities in this server elsewhere, is strictly forbidden.

2. Follow metagaming guidelines:

A. Do not use the Emote channel to bypass an inability to speak. This includes examples like "I’m
friendly," "oh weird I can’t speak," or "mimes a flashlight".

B. Additionally, use of the emote channel to simulate character death rattles or other game
mechanics is prohibited.

C. Use the local-out-of-character (LOOC) and global out-of-character (OOC) channels properly.
Don’t speak of in-character matters in those channels unless you’re asking questions related to ingame concepts.

D. Do not use in-character channels to bypass a lack of ability to use OOC/LOOC chats (e.g. "Huh,
wonder where the captain went? OOC He probably left to get dinner lol").

E. Do not engage in meta-communications (i.e. using external channels to communicate with other
players in the same game).

F. Discussion about the current round is allowed on the Floof Station Discord server (albeit discouraged 
for the purpose of MRP). However, acting on information gained by this method is strictly forbidden.

G. You are allowed to have knowledge of past experiences and prior shifts, and players are allowed
to have in-character relationships (friends, enemies, or otherwise).

H. Antagonists in previous rounds must not be treated differently due to their prior antagonist status.
Notwithstanding, confession of crimes committed in a prior shift are still admissible in court.

I. For the sake of continuity, your character will never have permanently died in previous rounds
(unless you wish to roleplay this concept out).

J. Do not "antag roll." This is the act of joining rounds for the purpose of seeing if you have
received an antagonist role, and leaving soon after if not.

K. Act like an actual person on board of a space station, and don’t use text speech or emoticons
when speaking in character.

3. Follow the new-life rules:

A. If a player dies and is brought back by way of cloning or borging, they forget the last five
minutes leading up to their death and cannot describe who or what killed them.

B. Players that are revived by using a defibrillator can only recall vague details about their death,
such as "Someone shot me" or "I was set ablaze" but they cannot recall details beyond that. Please
report players who break this rule.

C. In either case, characters do not have any knowledge of what happened while they were dead
(i.e. ghosted/observing), and are forbidden from acting on information gained during death.

4. Follow naming conventions:
Don't make obvious references, don’t make obvious puns or plays on words, and try to be creative
by picking a believable and fitting name and/or surname. Leeway is given to theatrical roles such as
the clown, boxer, and mime; these roles are allowed stage names with some freedom.

5. Follow roleplay guidelines:

A. Your character is a separate entity from you, the player. Your character's actions, feelings, and
knowledge in-game should be based solely on the character's experiences rather than your own as
the player.

B. Do not escalate situations needlessly. Very few things are deserving of a fight to the death, or the
loss of life of somebody. Brawls and self defense are permitted, but do not put someone in critical
state without a very valid roleplay reason to it.

C. If a fight results in someone being critically injured, seek medical help for them - and if they die,
do not destroy or otherwise hide their body. This falls under self-antagonistic behavior.

D. D. Pest ghost roles such as mice are always fair game for attacking. Do not grief crew-aligned ghost 
roles such as familiars or pets without provocation.

E. Some awakened pest roles (e.g. sentient mothroach) may be considered crew pets and fall under
this rule.

F. Non-security personnel should not seek to kill or detain unrelated threats, unless they themselves
or other crew in the direct vicinity are in current, immediate danger from it. Crew may neutralize
threats when they present themselves or if they are relevant to the crew member in question, but are
not to pursue them if and once routed from their current area.

G. Certain severe emergencies may make it reasonable for normal crew to defend themselves and 
their station, such as nuclear operatives, a zombie outbreak, space dragon attack, or any other 
critical situation, thus rendering the previous rule temporary null.

H. By picking the prisoner role, you have chosen to roleplay as a prisoner, NOT an antagonist,
and should not act so in any capacity. While you may be allowed to escape, you must receive 
admin approval to do so, and ideally you should only seek to do so with excellent reasoning 
and roleplay (e.g. abusive security personnel or badly damaged permanent brig). 
Lack of administrator response does not constitute approval.

6. Follow powergaming guidelines:

A. Don't rush for or prepare equipment unrelated to your job for no purpose other than to have it
without valid reason.

B. A medical doctor does not need insulated gloves, the Head of Personnel does not need a gun, and
the Captain does not need an assault rifle. If you, in your given role, require an item that does not
fall within your job’s usual parameters, have a valid gameplay or roleplay reason to obtain and keep
it.

C. Manufacturing weapons, bombs, or deadly poisons before you know of any reason you would
need them for (or without an excellent roleplay reason to it) is powergaming behavior.

D. Hiding Traitor objective items or preemptively securing them with higher security than usually
required or than would make logical sense violates our powergaming and roleplay guidelines.

E. Do not, under any circumstances, hide the nuclear fission explosive, authentication disk, or other
sensitive items in an impossible to see/access location.

F. While it is allowed for the crew to know the details around antagonist functions (traitor items
being such, PDAs having uplinks, listening posts existing, etc.), Security is strictly forbidden from
acting on that information without extremely valid reason and suspicion, and it is always to presume
innocence until proven contrary. For example, it is to be avoided to check PDAs, implants and
headsets unless the person is strongly suspected to be a syndicate agent, and there is evidence to
back this up.

7. Follow end-of-round (EOR) rules:

A. Significant end-of-round grief (EORG) is not allowed. This includes attacking, destroying,
polluting, and severely injuring without reason both at and on the way to Central Command.

B. Explosives and strategies with capacity for high collateral damage should not be used on or
around the evacuation shuttle.

8. Follow ERP guidelines and rules:

A. Be very mindful of In Character and Out of Character consent, as they are not the same thing.
Whilst a player may agree for their character to be subjected to a nonconsensual act, engaging 
in ERP with someone against their OOC consent is strictly forbidden.
If your OOC consent is not respected, immediately contact an administrator or moderator.

B. Keep in mind mind that by performing actions without IC consent, you are not immune to and will 
be opening yourself to IC punishment. Expect to be apprehended, prosecuted and sentenced to the 
full extent of space law, if found or known to have committed the crime you did.

C. For the sake of freedom of roleplay and ERP in particular, extreme acts such as killing,
severely maiming, nonconning, abuse, or even round removal are allowed, so long that all the 
participants consented OOC.
Ideally, if this is done with IC consent, have a form signed by all parties involved, where you
state consent to the action, and have it stamped by a lawyer or the HoP. This is advised in order
to avoid potential IC and OOC trouble from people who might be led to believe that they are
witnessing a potential, major rulebreak or OOC/IC consent violation.

D. Try to make abundantly clear in your consent menu essential information such as whether you
want to engage in ERP or not, your limits and preferences, your OOC consent to nonconsensual 
acts, your OOC or/and IC consent to extreme acts such as death or maiming, and so on so forth.
This is especially important to allow people to understand at a quick glance whether what they
are witnessing is a potential, major rulebreak or OOC/IC consent violation, or not.

E. DO NOT use ERP as bait, unless done with OOC consent of all parties involved. Much as it would 
be very believable and make for some amazing roleplay for an Agent to try and seduce a target into 
the bedroom to then murder them in cold blood on the spot or kidnap them, priority is given to the 
fun, comfort and enjoyment of all players.

F. Ideally, ERP should not take priority over job responsibilities, especially for Command
and Security roles during a crisis; but for the sake of roleplay, so long it is roleplayed 
well enough and there is no urgency, leeway is given.

G. Roleplaying a character as underage is strictly forbidden.



Command, Security, and Antagonist Rules:

1. Follow Command and Security Guidelines:

A. Security and Command roles are expected to know and perform their jobs to the best of their 
ability. These roles often heavily impact the round and require more careful and conscientious 
roleplay. As such, their roleplay quality is held to a much higher standard, especially in the 
event a player was to play a character in such a role committing a crime or being disruptive.
If you cannot meet these requirements, do not take these roles.

B. Both departments are required to read and follow Floof Station Space Law, Standard Operating
Procedure, Alert Procedure, and Company Policy to the best of their ability.

C. Abusing your position or using it to make arbitrary or obviously malicious choices to the
detriment of the entire station and/or its inhabitants is prohibited, without beyond excellent roleplay
reason to it, and especially without administrator permission.

D. Some leeway is given to Security and Command roles doings things such as committing a crime, 
slacking, or being irresponsible can be given and consented in favor of freedom of roleplay and fun,
so long the player is ready to be met with the very serious in-character consequences to those actions,
so long it’s roleplayed exceptionally well, and so long what’s being done is not too disruptive or 
harmful in nature to other players.

E. Because of this last rule, an aggravating exemplary factor should be considered when sentencing or 
applying IC punishment to a Security or Command role, in reason of them not acting appropriately to the
expected standards of their role.

E. If you need to leave the round, please notify administrators via AHelp menu and notify your
fellow crew via departmental radio. If you have the capability to do so, ensure that you return your
items as necessary and seek cryostorage if you are not planning on returning.

F. Do not hire random crew to be your bodyguard(s) or promote random crewmembers to
Command positions at random. If you require bodyguards or security details, talk to your Security
department. If you need new Command staff, talk to the personnel in that related department.

G. Security should try to use non-lethals and arrest criminals, unless given extreme circumstances,
such as but not limited to: lethal force being used against them, their life or that of an innocent
being in immediate danger, no other reasonable option being available at the moment to detain an
unreasonably dangerous threat, or when facing off against station-destroying antagonists (nuclear
operatives, zombies, dragons, etc.).

H. Security may choose to confiscate dangerous items (weapons, firearms) as well as items used to
commit crimes or items that could prove to be problematic when in possession of the detainee
(tools, insulated gloves, etc.), so long that there is an extremely valid, strong reason and suspicion
that such items will be used maliciously, or evidence that they have been used to commit a crime.

I. When lethal force is used by Security, they are expected when and if possible to patch up the
critical condition detained individual back to health, or even to life in the event of death, by cloning
or defibbing.

J. Executions can only be carried out for capital crimes, and are to be used as a last
resort. Such as, when the detained individual is proven beyond any reasonable doubt to be an
unreasonably hard to contain, major threat to the station and its inhabitants.

K. Brig times should generally not exceed 20 minutes unless the crime is permabriggable, and
permabrigging is to be done exclusively for antagonists and exceptional cases (usually,
unreasonably dangerous individuals).

M. Do not mindbreak others against their will solely because they have psionic powers. Only do so
when the individual is either a proven antagonist (and even then, it is strongly encouraged not to do
so unless absolutely necessary, such as them having a power that makes their containment
exceedingly difficult), or proven to be misusing their powers to the detriment of the safety of the
station.

2. Follow antagonist guidelines:
A. Antagonists exist to move the round forward and make things interesting and fun for everyone
involved. The point is not to “greentext” or win over people by pulling every meta trick in the book.
The real victory, is in achieving your goals in a fun, interesting, or unique way. As such, “play to
win” gameplay void of any roleplay aspect is not only heavily discouraged, but may also lead to
negative notes or even suspensions, if deemed to be causing a negative impact on the community
and be detrimental to everybody’s fun. The same of course, is to be applied to roles in opposition to
antagonists, such as Security and Command. We are all here to roleplay, relax and have fun, not to
have a competition on who’s the best or the most “robust”. Don’t be a dick.

B. The damage that antagonists can cause MUST be proportional to their objectives, and contribute
towards achieving them in some way. If you are concerned as to whether or not what you're about to
do is allowed, feel free to AHelp and ask an admin for clarification. Lack of administrator response
does not constitute approval.

C. Stealth and pacifism are heavily encouraged and to be considered preferable wherever and
whenever applicable.

D. Round removal is strictly forbidden, outside of situations reasonably demanding it (such as for
example, getting rid of a kill objective, or getting rid of an unreasonably dangerous, hard to contain
threat), or obvious unintended accidents.

E. Antagonists exist not only as a role for your character but also as a game mechanic. Seek to push
forward the round through your antagonistic actions, rather than grind it to halt in pursuit of your
objectives.

F. Other antagonists are not necessarily your friends. Other agents, mercenaries, and possibly even
space dragons are free agents that you may negotiate with at your own risk, but no one should be
working together with xenomorphs or zombies.

G. Heavily damaging/spacing or camping arrivals/evac/cryo, unnecessarily extending the round,
and behavior that calls the round to an end prematurely - as well as other lame behaviors - are
strictly forbidden for all antags.

H. As a non- or partially-sentient antagonist, you are expected to have only a limited understanding
of space stations and their mechanics. Slimes, zombies, and spiders should not be targeting the
gravity generator or the AME, nor should they be unnecessarily spacing the station.

I. Ghost roles have their own independent rules that must be followed, in addition to the already 
established antagonist guidelines, for antagonist ghost roles, and the general game server rules for 
non-antagonist ones. As a rule of thumb for ghost roles in general though: do not be overly disruptive 
and a detriment to the fun. You may go on a rampage and kill a lot of people as a dragon because that 
is what you are meant to do, or sow a bit of chaos as a skeleton. But do not go out of your way as a 
mouse or Pun Pun to disturb people's privacy and ERP, or to persistently harass and annoy people 
or break things for no reason.

J. Neutral ghost roles (such as skeletons or sentient artifacts), while having the freedom of being 
either friendly or hostile (and until or unless proven the latter, crew is expected to be friendly 
in return), in reason of not having a defined set of objectives, are expected not to go too overboard 
if choosing to be hostile. You can be a nuisance, but don't murderbone or cause mass station damage.

K. Hostile ghost roles, while do also have the liberty of being friendly if so wished or desired, if 
deemed too big of a potential threat by the station inhabitants, can be terminated at any time they 
see fit. Although, it is strongly preferable for the crew to act hostile with reason (for example: 
a rat king who agreed to not have more than 3 rats beginning to create more). Furthermore, though 
roleplaying a creature as one would be expecting it to behave, rather than blindly attacking and 
killing anybody and anything in sight would be preferred; due to their inherent nature of often 
having as a main objective to kill as many things as possible, few of the core antagonist guidelines 
are a bit relaxed (specifically and in particular those relating to killing).
